README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fchauvel/sensapp.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fchauvel/sensapp)

# SensApp

A rewriting of the SensApp system, as a microservice architecture.


# Installation

SensApp includes four independent services, which appears in this
repository as submodules. To fetch the all source code, do as follows:

    $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/fchauvel/sensapp.git 
	
Refer to the documentation of each services for their installation and
configuration.


# Running Integration Tests

The `test/tester` module runs integration tests against the SensApp
architecture. You can run these tests using docker compose as follows:

	$ cd tests
	$ docker-compose rm -f
	$ docker-compose build --no-cache
	$ docker-compose up --no-build -d
	$ docker-compose run tests sensapp-tester -o storage-db -s data/sensors.yml

	
# TODOs

 - Add configuration file in the storage

 - Add configuration file in the registry

 - Add retry mechanism in the receiver, so it does not fail when the queue is not yet ready!

 - Clean up the parameters of the tester

Commit message:

Describing how to run the performance tests

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/fchauvel/sensapp.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/fchauvel/sensapp)

# SensApp

A rewriting of the SensApp system, as a microservice architecture.


# Installation

SensApp includes four independent services, which appears in this
repository as submodules. To fetch the all source code, do as follows:

    $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/fchauvel/sensapp.git 
	
Refer to the documentation of each services for their installation and
configuration.


# Running Tests

## Integration tests

The `test/tester` module runs integration tests against the SensApp
architecture. You can run these tests using docker compose as follows:

	$ cd tests
	$ docker-compose rm -f
	$ docker-compose build --no-cache
	$ docker-compose up --no-build -d
	$ docker-compose run tests sensapp-tester -o storage-db -s data/sensors.yml

## Performance tests

The `tests/performance/`directory contains a module that generate
loads to the sensapp endpoints, to check how well they can withstand
the load. To run this performance test proceed as follows:
	
	$ cd tests
	$ docker-compose -f performance.yml rm -f
	$ docker-compose -f performance.yml build --no-cache
	$ docker-compose -f performance.yml up -d
	$ docker-compose -f performance-yml run perf artillery run tests.yml
	
	
# TODOs

 - Add configuration file in the storage

 - Add configuration file in the registry

 - Add retry mechanism in the receiver, so it does not fail when the queue is not yet ready!

 - Clean up the parameters of the tester
